docs: update registry guides accoring to CLI outputs (#483)
redhat-developer/app-services-guides: docs/registry/quarkus-registry/README.adoc

. On the command line, set the following environment variables to use your Kafka and {registry} instances with Quarkus or other applications. Replace the values with your own server and credential information:
+
* The `<bootstrap_server>` is the bootstrap server endpoint for your Kafka instance.
* The `<service_registry_url>` is the URL for your {registry} instance.

> * The `<service_registry_core_path>` is the path to the Core Registry API endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The `<service_registry_core_path>` is the constant we use to for setting proper API path for service registry
```

* The `<oauth_token_endpoint_uri>` is the SASL/OAUTHBEARER token endpoint.
* The `<client_id>` and `<client_secret>` are the generated credentials for your service account.
+
.Setting environment variables for server and credentials
[source,subs="+quotes"]
----
$ export KAFKA_HOST=__<bootstrap_server>__
$ export SERVICE_REGISTRY_URL=__<service_registry_url>__

> $ export SERVICE_REGISTRY_CORE_PATH=__<service_registry_core_path>__

Reviewer: We actually cannot assume that RHOAS CLI is used. This should be specified
```suggestion
$ export SERVICE_REGISTRY_CORE_PATH=__<service_registry_core_path>__
```
